THANKS FOR DOWNLOADING b^2:

The software is fairly new to the internet, so if you have any questions, email
me directly at josh@cleancode.org, that way I can compile a list of commonly
asked questions, and make this file a bit more robust.

Also, if you are running Windows... sorry, the instructions are geared towards 
the Linux OS, which b^2 was developed on.  The steps you need to take are about
the same, but the syntax is a bit different, hopefully you'll be able to cope
with it.  If anyone wants to write up some Windows directions, maybe I'll
include them with the next release.


INSTALLTION:

Installation is pretty simple, first you will need to set up a database for b^2
to use, that can be done with the following commands:

  bash$ mysql -u username -p

Put your MySQL username in place of 'username' and type your password when
prompted.  Now that you are logged into the MySQL server, you will need to
create your database, like so:

  mysql> CREATE DATABASE db_name;

The db_name should be the name you want to call the database, I typically use
'b2' for my database name.

Then put the b2-version.tar.gz file on your web server, and extract it like so:

  bash$ tar -xzvf b2-version.tar.gz

where 'version' is the version you have (i.e. b2-0.6.0.tar.gz)

Next, you need to (optionally) change the permissions of the folder you are
installing b^2 to.  Do so like this:

  bash$ chmod 777 b2-version

This step is now optional, but doing it this way is recommended, and a bit
easier in the long run.  Once the permissions are set appropriately, move
into the directory:

  bash$ cd b2-version

Now that we have the installation script ready to rock, all you will need to do
is go to the URL for the bulletin board (i.e. http://yoursite.com/b2-version/),
and you should be immediately presented with the installation script.  Simply
fill out the form (in it's entirety) and click the install button.

The script should install correctly (assuming you gave it the right information
for your MySQL database) and you will be ready to go!

If you didn't give the script directory the right permissions, you will be
given the opportunity to download the 'config.php' file which will need to be
placed in the directory you installed b^2.

If you did give the directory the right permissions, then I recommend changing
them back once the installation is complete:

  bash$ chmod 775 b2-version

The last step is to check the permissions on the 'config.php' file.  If you
downloaded the file and placed it in the directory, then it probably doesn't
have the right permissions, it will need to have read access on it.  Just to
make sure, run the following:

  bash$ chmod 644 config.php
  bash$ chown nobody config.php
  
Change 'nobody' to whatever username you need the files to be owned by, some 
boxes are different than others, just make sure all the files are owned by the
same username.

That's it, if you'd like (I'd appreciate it as well), email me once you get
the board up and running.  It's always makes my day to see something I wrote
in action.  On top of that, I'd like to compile a list of sites using the
script to post on the b^2 site (http://www.cleancode.org/b2/)

Enjoy!


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS:

Q:  How do I add moderators to my forums?

A:  Moderator and administrator privileges are added via the "User Admin"
    section of the site.  Find the user you want to make a moderator, and
    proceed to edit their profile.  At the bottom you will see check boxes
    that correspond with your forums, and one for admin rights.  Check the
    ones that apply, then submit (remember, you have to confirm it first)
    the profile.  The user should now be listed as a moderator for the
    selected forums.
    
Q:  What can a moderator do?

A:  Moderators have the ability to delete threads and posts from a forum,
    and see the poster's IP address.  This will change over time, as new 
    abilities are coded in.  Eventually, moderators will be able to edit
    posts (so will the person who posted it), and ban certain users from
    posting to a forum.

Q:  Can I redistribute my hax0red version of b^2?

A:  Yes, yes you can.  If you have any other questions concerning
    distribution and such, visit the GNU Genereal Public License site:
    http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
